Update Elasticsearch Serverless landing page/overview (#193)
elastic/docs-content: serverless/pages/what-is-elasticsearch-serverless.asciidoc

// ℹ️ THIS CONTENT IS RENDERERED ON THE index-serverless-elasticsearch.asciidoc PAGE
// Use the id <<what-is-elasticsearch-serverless>> to link to this page

// :description: Build search solutions and applications with {es-serverless}.
// :keywords: serverless, elasticsearch, overview

preview:[]

[TIP]
====

> If you haven't used {es} before, you might want to learn the basics in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/elasticsearch-intro.html[main {es} documentation].

Reviewer: I'd move this note below the intro paragraphs. I'd also simplify it: 

```suggestion
To learn the basics of {es}, refer to the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/elasticsearch-intro.html[core {es} documentation].
```

Author: ++ to brevity

I might reword again. LMKWYT.

In terms of placement, I kinda want it to be an immediate escape hatch for users that don't know what Elasticsearch is already.

Reviewer: imo they don't know that they're confused yet if this note is first 🤷 

edit works for me

Author: "they don't know that they're confused yet" 😆 

I want to redirect them in their pre-confusion state. I'll have another look with fresh eyes tomorrow re placement.

====

> {es} is an open source distributed search and analytics engine, scalable data store, and vector database. It’s optimized for speed and relevance on production-scale workloads. Use {es} to search, index, store, and analyze data of all shapes and sizes.

Reviewer: this feels kinda weird because ES is also the foundation of obs and sec projects. could we reframe the ES project type as the "vanilla/search" option?

something like: 

```
{es} is one of the three available project types on <<intro,{serverless-full}>>.

This project type lets you use the core functionality of {es}: Searching, indexing, storing, and analyzing data of all shapes and sizes.
```

and then let the es basics page take care of the "what is ES" question? 

"lets you use" might feel restrictive - something like "is built for" "is optimized for"?

Author: nods in agreement, but on the "foundation of obs and sec projects" point I couldn't find a clean way to incorporate that info here but I'm also not too worried about that really

Author: cleared up intro in https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/193/commits/040ebc51d3df2361e6788cd8c6f07f9a32a8c8b8

Reviewer: re: the foundational aspects we can revisit if it seems like people are creating additional projects in error

{es} is one of the three available project types on <<intro,{serverless-full}>>.

> When using {es} on {serverless-full} you don’t need to worry about managing the infrastructure that keeps {es} distributed and available: nodes, shards, and replicas. These resources are 100% automated on the serverless platform, which is designed to scale up and down with your workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using {es} on {serverless-full} you don’t need to worry about managing the infrastructure that keeps {es} distributed and available: nodes, shards, and replicas. These resources are completely automated on the serverless platform, which is designed to scale up and down with your workload.
```

> This allows you to focus on building your search applications and solutions, without worrying about the underlying infrastructure.

Reviewer: the previous para also says "you don't need to worry" 

```suggestion
This automation allows you to focus on building your search applications and solutions.
```

[discrete]
[[elasticsearch-overview-get-started]]
== Get started 

[cols="2"]
|===
| 🚀

> a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-get-started,*Create project →*>># +

Reviewer: I'd prefer these to get articles

```suggestion
a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-get-started,*Create a project →*>># +
```

Reviewer: the linked page could also get that cosmetic fix

Get started by creating your first {es} project on serverless.

| 🔌
a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-get-started,*Connect to {es} →*>># +
Learn how to connect your applications to your {es-serverless} endpoint.

// TODO add coming link to new page about connecting to your serverless endpoint
// <<elasticsearch-connecting-to-es-serverless-endpoint,*Connect your application →*>>

> | 🔄

Reviewer: consider 📥 or ⤵️

> | 🔄

Author: ```suggestion
| ⤵️
```

a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-ingest-your-data,*Ingest data →*>># +
Learn how to get your data into {es} and start building your search application.

| 🛝

> a| [.card-title]#https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/playground.html[*Try Search Playground →*]# +

Reviewer: is "search" part of the official title? I don't see it anywhere on the linked doc

```suggestion
a| [.card-title]#https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/playground.html[*Try the Search Playground →*]# +
```

> Once you've added some data, use the Search Playground to test out queries and combine {es} with the power of Generative AI in your applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've added some data, use the Search Playground to test out queries and combine {es} with the power of Generative AI in your applications.
```

When using {es} on {serverless-full} you don’t need to worry about managing the infrastructure that keeps {es} distributed and available: nodes, shards, and replicas. These resources are completely automated on the serverless platform, which is designed to scale up and down with your workload.

This automation allows you to focus on building your search applications and solutions.

[discrete]
[[elasticsearch-overview-get-started]]
== Get started 

[cols="2"]
|===
| 🚀
a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-get-started,*Create a project →*>># +
Get started by creating your first {es} project on serverless.

| 🔌
a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-get-started,*Connect to {es} →*>># +
Learn how to connect your applications to your {es-serverless} endpoint.

// TODO add coming link to new page about connecting to your serverless endpoint
// <<elasticsearch-connecting-to-es-serverless-endpoint,*Connect your application →*>>

| ⤵️
a| [.card-title]#<<elasticsearch-ingest-your-data,*Ingest data →*>># +
Learn how to get your data into {es} and start building your search application.

| 🛝
a| [.card-title]#https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/playground.html[*Try Playground →*]# +

> After you've added some data, use the Search Playground to test out queries and combine {es} with the power of Generative AI in your applications.

Author: ```suggestion
After you've added some data, use Playground to test out queries and combine {es} with the power of Generative AI in your applications.
```

// ℹ️ THIS CONTENT IS RENDERERED ON THE index-serverless-elasticsearch.asciidoc PAGE
// Use the id <<what-is-elasticsearch-serverless>> to link to this page

// :description: Build search solutions and applications with {es-serverless}.
// :keywords: serverless, elasticsearch, overview

preview:[]

[TIP]
====
If you haven't used {es} before, you might want to learn the basics in the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/elasticsearch-intro.html[main {es} documentation].

> =======

Author: ```suggestion
====
```
